Craigslist and Google Maps Mashup Thingy: Day 14 – Getting Jquery and Prototype to Work Together
Published on May 02, 2007.
Whoa, that’s a doozy of a title!
Anyway, today I was working on making the mashup look prettier and actually somewhat usable for human consumption.
I was using thickbox to get some pretty snazzy ajax stuff going on for displaying the about page and whatnot.
Today, I included prototype for some even more snazzy ajax stuff.
But apparently they clash.
I guess both of them like using the ‘$’ character as a shortcut to make the code easier to read.
Which means they have crazy namespace conflicts.
Bad developers! Anyway, here’s how I got it to work.
Right after the import of the jquery library, I set the ‘$’ thing to be ‘$j’ instead.
Then I refactored thickbox to use the ‘$j’ name instead.
It worked. Here’s what the head looks like:
...  var $j = jQuery.noConflict();   ...